Generate sentence embeddings from an sbert-accessible german language model (#218)
Princeton-CDH/remarx: CHANGELOG.md

- Add sentence id field (`sent_id`) to generated sentence corpora
- Processes TEI/XML documents to yield separate chunks for body text and footnotes, with each footnote yielded individually as a separate element

> - Add a method for generating sentence embeddings from sentence corpus

Reviewer: Suggesting an edit since the method now doesn't take a corpus file directly
```suggestion
- Add a method for generating sentence embeddings from a list of sentences
```
